>> Maximiliano Firtman: Remember that
every time we are saving, well, actually,
we're not executing error,
because we added this.
But it's not giving me an error,
it's saying Serving the files,
which means that the compilation worked.
And we don't know yet if this is working.
Actually, to test this without doing the
client, it's not so simple, why is that?
Because if you want to test this, this
API account, remember we have register.
So if I try from here, it's like,
yeah, something is responding,
it's saying Invalid request body.
Because I'm not sending the body, right?
How can I send the body from here?
Actually, I cannot,
from the browser, I'm saying.
I could open a console and
try to use a fetch, that's one option.
So actually, I've got the 400 from the
server, which is pretty good, Bad Request.
That means, I cannot answer you
because you made a bad request.
Okay, that's the right
HTTP status code for this.
So I could try to do a fetch to that URL
from here, so this is the URL.
But then you need to pass our second
argument with the body and the JSON and
everything.
It's complicated to do it here,
so that's why to test this,
typically, we use tools for HTTP testing.
There are plugins for
Google Chrome to do that.
And there is one that is probably the most
used one for automation and testing.
I'm not sure if you have heard about it,
Postman.
So, I mean,
you don't need to use it for this,
because we will create our client, but
we can open Postman, this is a free tool.
Actually, there is a free tier,
okay, it's not completely free,
but in this case, let me increase
the font size a little bit.
I can, for example, create a new query.
It says, well,
what do you want to do, GET, POST?
Actually, we are not checking that,
so both will work, I can try a POST.
And say, I wanna go localhost:8080/,
and I wanna try api/account/register,
okay?
If I hit Send, of course it will try that,
and it's giving me a bad request,
which is okay,
because I'm not sending the data.
Where the data goes?
Well, actually, there is a body here.
So I can go to the body and say, well,
I want to send some data, in which format?
This tool will let you try this in
different format, and we have raw.
Raw means I will just paste data here,
and in which format?
Text, JavaScript, well,
it's gonna be JSON.
So I can try and pass my name,
let's write value JSON,
actually, my name is Test User.
Then I have an email,
that is test@test.dev.
And let's make a very secure password
like 1234567, okay, that's ready.
And then I can try this, okay?
So if I send this,
I can see what's going on.
It took more time, and I got 200, green.
And the answer from
the server was success: true,
User registered successfully.
So we can even go to our database here,
go to users,
to the data, refresh,
and see if it's there.
I'm there, with a hashed password.
That's how 1234567 looks like when we hash
it with that particular function, okay?
So that worked.
We can also try authentication,
I think I already have one here,
authentication, here, yeah.
And the body, yeah, I'm using
the same email and password, great.
So I can try to authenticate and
see if it works.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Authenticate,
yeah,
I think I need to update the message,
maybe, so it says register.
And if I change the password, it's false,
it's failed because it's
the wrong password.
So before creating your client,
that's how you can
test your backend services when
it's not just getting JSON.
Does that make sense, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: How does Go identify
the method, whether it's GET or POST,
because it doesn't look like we're-
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Right now,
I think that the code that I have, I'm
not actually verifying that, but you can.
I mean, from the header,
it's part of the header.
So remember that when you have a handler,
you have the response writer and
you have the request.
The second argument is a request.
Well, that request has
the method that has been used.
So then you can check if the method
is actually the one that you want to
accept or not, and
then respond with an error or not.
So it's a manual thing,
but it goes by URL.
So maybe you are thinking that there
are some frameworks out there where when
you define your handle, you actually
say here, I GET or POST, okay?
Well, no, that's kind of a library or
a framework sitting on top of the basics.
The basics is just the URL,
and then internally,
you see the headers, and check that thing.
When you use frameworks like Gin,
Gin Web framework for
Go, you have a function for POST,
a function for GET, a function for PUT.
So then you can have different
handlers for each verb or HTTP method.
But in this case, you have to do
it manually, inside one handler.
And in case you wanna do things
differently on the same URL based on
the method,
you can have other handlers and
call other handlers from that main one.
So you create a handler for the URL, and
then you have different handlers per
method, and you call them,
but manually, okay?
You need to do it manually.